Update _index.md (#9491)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_retention_and_ingestion/_index.md

> ### Datadog Intelligent Retention Filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Datadog intelligent retention filter
```

> Intelligent Retention is always active for your services, and it will keep a proportion of traces to help you monitor the health of your applications. All [top level spans][12] are indexed for the traces kept by the intelligent retention filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intelligent retention is always active for your services, and it keeps a proportion of traces to help you monitor the health of your applications. All [top level spans][12] are indexed for the traces kept by the intelligent retention filter.
```
